-THERE YOU HAVE IT.
BLUE MOUNTAIN STATE REACTING TO
THE NEWS THAT THEY WILL BE
PLAYING IN THE NATIONAL
CHAMPIONSHIP GAME AGAINST THE
BLACKWELL UNIVERSITY WARRIORS.
LET'S SEE IF WE CAN GET SOME
PLAYERS TO EXPLAIN
[UNINTELLIGIBLE].
-HEY LOOK AT ME I'M
BONING LARRY!
-LET'S CUT.
-HEY, COACH--
-AND HERE'S THE MAN WHO
MADE IT HAPPEN.
-WAY TO GO, MORAN.
-HEY, YOU WERE GOD-SENT
THIS YEAR, SON.
-YEAH.
UM, WHEN'S PRACTICE?
-PRACTICE?
-YEAH.
BLACKWELL'S GOING TO BE TOUGH.
WE'VE GOT TO BE READY.
-RELAX.
GO CELEBRATE WITH YOUR TEAM.
THE GAME'S NOT FOR
A COUPLE WEEKS.
GO AHEAD.
-EXCUSE ME.
CONGRATULATIONS, MARTY.
I'M HERE OFFICIALLY ON BEHALF OF
THE NCAA TO INFORM YOU THAT
YOUR TEAM IS UNDER INVESTIGATION
FOR MAJOR RULE
VIOLATIONS.
-WHOA.
-WHY DO YOU COME IN HERE EVERY
YEAR AND BUST MY BALLS?
HUH?
YOU CAN GO TO ANY PROGRAM IN
THE COUNTRY AND YOU'D FIND
VIOLATIONS.
BUT NO, YEAR AFTER YEAR,
YOU COME AFTER ME.
-AND YEAR AFTER YEAR, YOU
JUST LAUGH IN MY FACE.
WELL, WE'LL SEE IF YOU'RE STILL
LAUGHING AFTER THIS ONE.
-IS THAT IT?
IS THAT ALL YOU GOT?
I GOT TO TELL YOU, I'M A
LITTLE DISAPPOINTED.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE GOING TO MAKE
IT A LITTLE MORE FUN FOR
ME THIS YEAR.
-OH, THIS ISN'T FOR BMS. IT'S
THE UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI'S.
I JUST WANTED YOU TO
SEE HOW YOUR FILE
COMPARED WITH OTHER SCHOOLS.
NO, NO.
THIS IS WHAT WE HAVE ON BMS.
-HOLY SHIT.
-WE HAVE ENOUGH TO GO AFTER
YOU FOR THE BIG ONE.
THE DEATH PENALTY.
THAT'S A ONE YEAR SUSPENSION OF
THE ENTIRE PROGRAM, LOSS OF
SCHOLARSHIPS, AND NO TELEVISED
GAMES OR BOWL COVERAGE FOR
THREE YEARS.
-OH, HOLY SHIT.
-NOW, HOW'S THAT
FOR FUN, MARTY?
-THIS IS BULLSHIT.
I RUN A CLEAN PROGRAM.
-COACH, WE'RE OUT OF CHAMPAGNE!
BUT I JUST CALLED MY AGENT,
AND HE SAID HE'LL BUY MORE
WITH THE MONEY I MADE FROM
SIGNING AUTOGRAPHS.
[ REV THEORY'S "HELL YEAH"
PLAYS ]
CAN YOU FEEL THAT?
YOU BETTER HOLD ON.
THIS ONE'S ABOUT TO GET BUMPY.
♪ GIVE ME A "HELL" ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "YEAH" ♪
♪ STAND UP RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "HELL" ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "YEAH" ♪
♪ STAND UP RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "HELL" ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "YEAH" ♪
♪ STAND UP RIGHT NOW ♪
-AN NCAA INVESTIGATION.
WHY NOW?
-IT'S JUST SCARE TACTICS, MAN.
WE'RE GOING TO BE FINE.
-SHHH!
EVERYBODY STOP TALKING.
THEY'RE PROBABLY LISTENING TO
EVERYTHING WE SAY RIGHT NOW.
-DONALD SCHRAB.
HAVE YOU EVER HAD SEX WITH YOUR
TEACHER'S 83-YEAR-OLD
MOTHER TO BLACKMAIL HIM
INTO GIVING YOU A C?
-OH, NO.
-HAVE I EVER DONE DRUGS?
NEVER HAVE, NEVER WILL.
THIS BODY'S A TEMPLE.
OH, NICE.
THINGS GET SCARY
FUN THAT NIGHT.
THAT COCAINE WAS MEDICINAL.
SO, CHECK AND MATE.
-HAVE YOU EVER ACCEPTED FREE
TICKETS TO  LES MISERABLES  ?
HAVE ANY OF YOUR COACHES
EVER KNOWINGLY
GIVEN YOU CREAM CHEESE?
-CREAM CHEESE?
-THE RULES CLEARLY STATE THAT
YOU CAN HAVE A BAGEL, BUT NOT
CREAM CHEESE.
-LET ME ASK  YOU  SOMETHING.
WHERE DOES THE NCAA'S
AUTHORITY TO
INVESTIGATE COME FROM?
HMM?
YOU GUYS ELECTED?
HOW'D YOU GET YOUR JOB?
-LET ME GIVE YOU
THIS PAMPHLET.
IT WILL ANSWER ALL
THE QUESTIONS YOU
HAVE ABOUT THE NCAA.
WHAT EXACTLY IS A
POCKET PUSSY?
HAVE YOU EVER DONE
RABIES BEFORE?
-NO.
-HAVE YOU EVER PUMPED CLEAN
URINE INTO YOUR BLADDER TO
CHEAT A DRUG TEST?
HAVE YOU EVER MADE
A SEXY TAPE?
A SEXY, MR. CASTLE!
HAVE YOU MADE ONE?
-WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS TO ME!
I'M A HUMAN BEING!
-WE COULD DO WHAT WE DID DURING
THE '98 INVESTIGATION.
-NAH, IT'S TOO BIG
FOR BLACKMAIL.
SOMEBODY RATTED US OUT.
-HOW DO YOU KNOW IT'S
ONE PERSON?
COULDN'T IT BE MULTIPLE LEAKS?
-NO, IT'S IN THE FILE.
ONE INFORMANT.
-HOW ABOUT THE 2002
INVESTIGATION?
-NAH, IT WOULDN'T WORK.
THEY DRAINED THAT QUARRY
FIVE YEARS AGO.
-SO, WHO RATTED YOU OUT?
-WELL, WHO STANDS TO GAIN THE
MOST FROM TAKING ME DOWN?
-WAITRESS!
I'M GOING TO NEED ANOTHER
SUNDAE OVER HERE.
HEY! WHAT THE HELL!
LET ME GO, LET ME GO!
HELP ME!
WHY ISN'T ANYONE HELPING ME?
-ENJOY YOUR MEALS, FOLKS.
-LISTEN TO THIS.
THE NCAA WAS FOUNDED OVER
100 YEARS AGO TO
PROTECT STUDENT ATHLETES.
IT CONTINUES TO IMPLEMENT THAT
PRINCIPLE BY INCREASED
EMPHASIS ON THE ATHLETICS AND
THE ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE.
THAT'S BASICALLY ALL IT SAYS.
WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE?
-THEY RUN COLLEGE SPORTS.
THEY'RE IN CHARGE
OF THE SPORTS.
-AND?
-THE NCAA IS--
WELL, THE NCAA, THEY, THEY--
THEY'RE THE NCAA!
-YEAH.
YEAH, YOU SAID THAT.
-MEET YOU IN YOUR
ROOM RIGHT NOW?
-WHAT IS ALL THIS?
-THERE'S A MOLE AMONG US, LARRY,
AND YOU'RE GOING TO
HELP ME FIND HIM.
-WHAT DO YOU NEED ME TO DO?
-FIRST, I NEED YOU TO
GET ME SOME FOOD.
I'M STARVING.
THAT'S IT.
GO.
-I'M ON IT.
-OH, AND LARRY, YOU'RE
THE ONLY PERSON I
CAN TRUST RIGHT NOW.
EVERYONE'S A SUSPECT.
-I KNOW IT WAS YOU WHO RATTED
ME OUT, GILDAY.
-WHY WOULD I DO THAT?
-BECAUSE YOU WANTED ME GONE.
AND YOUR NAME ISN'T MENTIONED
ONCE IN THIS REPORT.
-LISTEN.
IT THIS TEAM-- OH!
IF THIS TEAM GETS THE
DEATH PENALTY, I'M
OUT OF A JOB, TOO.
THINK ABOUT IT.
THERE'S THREE YEARS OF DIRT
IN THAT FILE, RIGHT?
I'VE BEEN HERE, WHAT?
FIVE MONTHS.
-YEAH.
SO WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
-I'M SAYING WHOEVER RATTED YOU
OUT HAS BEEN CLOSE TO THIS
TEAM FOR A WHILE.
IT'S SOMEONE THE NCAA
COULD PROBABLY FLIP.
SOMEONE WHO'S EASILY
MANIPULATED.
-THE NCAA APPRECIATES EVERYTHING
YOU'RE DOING FOR
THEM, MR. CACCIATORE.
-AH, PLEASE!
MR. CACCIATORE IS MY FATHER,
AND HE'S AN ASSHOLE.
YOU CAN CALL ME SAMMY.
-HOW'S IT GOING, ALEX?
-HEY.
DID YOU KNOW THE CREAM
CHEESE RULE IS TRUE?
THIS TELL-ALL BOOK CLAIMS THE
NCAA HAS TIES TO THE MASONS,
SCIENTOLOGY, AND SKULL
AND BONES.
-THAT IS COOL.
-OW.
THAD CASTLE (OFFSCREEN):
MASCOT!
-HELLO.
I KNOW IT'S YOU!
I KNOW YOU'RE THE MOLE!
-WHAT?
I'M NO MOLE!
-THEN WHY DID LARRY SAY HE SAW
YOU TALKING TO THE NCAA GUY AT
THE DINER?
-BECAUSE COACH SAID
[UNINTELLIGIBLE]
FALSE INFORMATION!
HE TOLD ME [UNINTELLIGIBLE]
AND HE TOLD ME TO USE IT!
-WHAT DID YOU GIVE
HIM AT THE DINER?
-NOTHING!
NOTHING!
JUST A COUPLE PAGES FROM A SHORT
STORY I WAS WORKING ON.
-"AND THEN BARRY TAKES OUT A GUN
AND SHOOTS THE OTHER GUY
NAMED BARRY.
IN THE DISTANCE, A
WEREWOLF HOWLS."
DEBRA (OFFSCREEN): JON JON.
-I NEED TO TELL YOU SOMETHING,
JON JON.
BUT LISTEN, YOU HAVE
TO PROMISE ME YOU
WILL NOT TELL MARTY.
-DEBRA'S THE MOLE.
-GOD DAMN IT, JON JON!
I CAN EXPLAIN.
-WELL, YOU BETTER!
-OK.
WHEN WE GOT DIVORCED MANY,
MANY YEARS AGO, I WAS
REALLY ANGRY YOU.
AND, UM, I MAY HAVE SENT AN
EMAIL TO, UH, THE NCAA.
BUT, UM, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I ONLY TOLD THEM
LITTLE THINGS.
-DID THEY GIVE YOU A NOTICE TO
APPEAR AT THE HEARING YET?
-NO, BUT I'M SURE IT'S COMING.
-ALL RIGHT, IT'S VERY SIMPLE.
YOU'RE JUST GOING TO LIE.
-LIE YOUR ASS OFF.
-THEY HAVE MY EMAILS, MARTY.
-EMAILS?
LIKE, PLURAL?
LIKE HOW MANY?
-9.
-JESUS!
-POSSIBLE 12.
-JESUS CHRIST!
-I WAS REALLY PISSED AT YOU!
-OH!
-SO.
THE NCAA AS A WHOLE REPORTS OVER
$700 MILLION IN REVENUE
AND HAS $300 MILLION IN
UNSTRUCTURED NET ASSETS, YET
YOU'RE A NONPROFIT ORGANIZATION
THAT DOESN'T PAY
TAXES ON ANY OF THAT MONEY.
WHERE DOES THAT MONEY GO?
AND WHO DECIDES WHO'S
ON THE COMMITTEE?
OK.
DO YOU HAVE TIES TO
THE ILLUMINATI?
HEY.
HEY!
-WHAT IF I TOLD YOU THE SECRET
TO YOUR INVESTIGATION IS
BURIED IN AN UNMARKED GRAVE IN
THE BLUE MOUNTAIN CEMETERY?
MEET ME AT THE SHOVEL STORE
IN A HALF HOUR.
SHIT'S ABOUT TO GET
BLOWN WIDE OPEN!
LET ME TELL YOU!
-YOU KNOW, I'M SO MAD AT
YOU RIGHT NOW, I CAN'T
EVEN LOOK AT YOU.
-FINE, THEN.
DON'T
-WELL, I WON'T.
-GOOD.
-SPOUSAL PRIVILEGE.
-HUH?
-REMEMBER DURING THE '92
INVESTIGATION, BOBBY K'S
LOUDMOUTH WIFE CAME UP WITH SOME
INTO TO THE NCAA, AND WE
GOT IT THROWN OUT BECAUSE
ANYTHING SAID BETWEEN A
MARRIED COUPLE IS CONSIDERED
CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATION!
-YEAH.
WHAT DOES THAT HAVE
TO DO WITH US?
-YOU GET MARRIED AGAIN.
SPOUSAL PRIVILEGE EXTENDS FOR
SEVERAL YEARS BEFORE MARRIAGE.
-HMM.
YOU KNOW, I'VE BEEN THINKING
ABOUT POPPING THE QUESTION
AGAIN FOR A WHILE.
THESE LAST COUPLE OF MONTHS MADE
ME REALIZE HOW MUCH I--
I LOVE YOU.
-AND YOU ARE THE ONLY MAN ON
EARTH WHO CAN MAKE ME SO CRAZY
I WOULD BECOME AN NCAA MOLE!
-OH, BABY.
-I CAN GET ORDAINED ON THE
INTERNET AND GET YOU MARRIED
HERE BEFORE THE HEARING.
-GREAT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
LET ME GET ON THE PHONE,
CALL MY LAWYER.
HE CAN KNOCK OUT A PRENUP
IN AN HOUR.
-HMM.
A WHAT NOW?
-A PRENUP.
WE DIDN'T HAVE ONE LAST TIME
AND YOU REALLY SCREWED ME.
-FINE!
YOU WANT TO PLAY IT THAT
WAY, YOU GOT IT.
I'M CALLING MY LAWYER, TOO.
-OH,
JESUS CHRIST.
-OK!
IT TOOK ME TWO DAYS, BUT I
FIGURED OUT WHO YOUR MOLE IS.
IT'S COACH JON JON, ISN'T IT?
IS IT ALEX?
OH, NO.
OH PLEASE, DON'T TELL
ME IT'S LARRY.
LARRY!
WE WERE BEST FRIENDS--
WHAT IS THIS?
-THAT'S YOUR NOTICE TO APPEAR
AT TOMORROW'S HEARING.
-WHY WOULD I NEED TO APPEAR?
-DO YOU RECOGNIZE THIS MAN?
YOU MAY HAVE MET HIM AT A FEW
OF YOUR GOATHOUSE PARTIES.
HE WORKS FOR US.
-SERIOUSLY, THOUGH.
IF YOU NEED ANYTHING,
POT, COKE, STEROIDS,
TALK TO HARMON TEDESCO.
HE DEALS IT ALL.
I WOULDN'T USE THE WORD
"GIGOLO," BUT I HAVE ACCEPTED
MONEY IN EXCHANGE
FOR SEX BEFORE.
SO, YEAH.
LIKE I WAS SAYING, AN OIL CHANGE
IS WHEN YOU PUMP CLEAN
URINE INTO YOUR BLADDER.
WE HAVE NERDS TO DO OUR
HOMEWORK FOR US.
I ALMOST FORGOT.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY ANY BMS
MERCH, I ALSO RUN A
BLACKMARKET SPORTS MEMORABILIA
WEBSITE ON THE SIDE.
BUT DON'T TELL ANYONE!
OK.
BYE, DUDE!
I'M THE MOLE?
-ALL RIGHT.
YOU CAN HAVE THE HOUSE AND
YOU CAN HAVE THE BOAT.
BUT I'M KEEPING THE
HAWAII TIMESHARE.
AND NO ALIMONY.
HONEY, BABY, LOVE OF MY LIFE.
COME ON, YOU GOT TO MEET
ME HALFWAY ON THIS.
-YOU'RE THE ONE THAT WANTED
TO GO DOWN THIS ROAD.
-OK.
NO PRENUP.
-I KNEW IT!
I KNEW YOU LOVE ME.
-COME ON, ALEX.
STOP STUDYING.
JUST FOOL AROUND WITH US.
-I NEVER THOUGHT I'D SAY THIS,
BUT I CAN'T RIGHT NOW.
THE FUTURE OF BMS FOOTBALL'S
AT STAKE HERE.
MY FUTURE'S AT STAKE.
-I DON'T GET IT.
WHY WON'T THE NAACP LET
YOU EAT CREAM CHEESE?
-THAT'S THE MILLION DOLLAR
QUESTION, LADIES.
I MEAN, THE BILLION
DOLLAR QUESTION.
WOW!
-WANT TO MAKE OUT?
-OK.
[PLAYING WEDDING MARCH]
-GOD DAMN NCAA.
-WE'RE GATHERED HERE TODAY TO
JOIN TOGETHER DEBRA AND
MARTY IN HOLY MATRIMONY WITHIN
IT'S FRAMEWORK OF COMMITMENT--
-JON JON!
SHORT VERSION, SHORT VERSION.
-SORRY.
DEBRA, DO YOU TAKE
MARTY TO BE YOUR
LAWFULLY WEDDED HUSBAND?
-I DO.
-AND DO YOU, MARTY, TAKE DEBRA
TO BE YOUR LAWFULLY
WEDDED WIFE?
-OK.
I--
-COACH!
I DID A BAD THING.
I'M THE MOLE.
-NO, THAD, DEBRA'S THE MOLE.
-NO, SHE'S NOT.
I SAW THE FILES.
I TOLD THEM EVERYTHING.
BUT IT'S NOT MY FAULT.
I THOUGHT THE GUY WAS
A COLLEGE STUDENT.
-WELL, THIS IS GREAT.
NOW WE DON'T HAVE
TO GET MARRIED.
AND ALL THAD HAS TO DO
IS DENY EVERYTHING.
-WHAT DO YOU MEAN
THIS IS GREAT?
-OW!
-MARTY, I DON'T THINK
PUTTING THAD ON THE
STAND IS THE BEST IDEA.
-WHY NOT?
-THAD, HAVE YOU EVER DONE
ANYTHING ILLEGAL WHILE AT BMS?
-YES.
SHIT!
NO.
SHIT, IT DOESN'T MATTER!
THEY HAVE 52 HOURS
OF TAPE ON ME.
-52 HOURS!?
OH BOY, WE'RE SCREWED!
I'M DONE.
THIS PROGRAM IS DONE.
-LISTEN.
MARTY, MARTY, MARTY.
THIS IS NOT THE TIME TO PANIC.
THERE IS ANOTHER WAY.
AND IT'S LEGAL IN
THIS STATE NOW.
YOU CAN MARRY THAD INSTEAD
OF DEBRA.
-I'LL DO IT!
-ARE YOU CRAZY?
HAVE YOU LOST YOUR MIND?
-OH, COME ON, MARTY.
IT'S NOT A GAY THING.
-HEY, THERE'S NO WAY TWO GUYS
GETTING MARRIED IS NOT A GAY
THING!
-LOOK, THE ENTIRE PROGRAM
IS ON THE LINE, HERE.
YOUR JOB, YOUR TEAM,
YOUR LEGACY.
-OH, AND MARRYING ONE OF
MY PLAYERS IS GOING
TO PROTECT MY LEGACY?
JESUS...
-WELL, IT DOES LESS DAMAGE THAN
BEING RESPONSIBLE FOR THE
COLLAPSE OF ONE OF THE GREATEST
PROGRAMS IN COLLEGE
SPORTS HISTORY.
WHAT'S IT GOING TO BE, MARTY?
[PLAYING WEDDING MARCH]
-WILL YOU TURN THAT MUSIC OFF!
THAD, GET YOUR ASS UP HERE.
LET'S DO THIS.
-WE'RE GATHERED HERE TODAY TO
JOIN TOGETHER THAD AND MARTY
IN HOLY MATRIMONY.
THAD, DO YOU TAKE MARTY TO BE
YOUR LAWFULLY WEDDED HUSBAND?
-I DO.
-CAN I SAY SOMETHING?
I THINK IT'S BULLSHIT THAT YOU
ASKED ME TO SIGN A PRENUP AND
YOU DIDN'T THINK TO ASK THAD.
-OH, SHIT.
IS IT TOO LATE?
I'M GOING TO MAKE A BILLION
DOLLARS IN THE NFL.
I WANT TO BE PROTECTED.
-YEAH, WE DON'T HAVE
TIME RIGHT NOW, OK?
GO ON.
-MARTY, DO YOU TAKE THAD TO BE
YOUR LAWFULLY WEDDED HUSBAND?
-ARE YOU SURE THERE'S NO
OTHER WAY TO DO THIS?
-NONE THAT I CAN SEE.
-OK.
UM, I--
-COACH!
I GOT GREAT NEWS.
I--
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
-WE'RE GETTING GAY MARRIED SO
I DON'T HAVE TO TESTIFY.
-AH.
AS MUCH AS I WOULD LOVE AN
EXPLANATION FOR THIS, I JUST
WANT TO LET YOU GUYS KNOW THAT
WE'RE GOOD WITH THE NCAA.
I TOOK CARE OF IT.
-YOU DID?
-YEAH.
-HOW?
-I DID A LOT OF RESEARCH, AND I
KEPT COMING BACK TO THE SAME
CONCLUSION THAT NONE OF
THIS MAKES ANY SENSE.
THE CREAM CHEESE, THE RANDOM AND
SELECTIVE INVESTIGATIONS
OF USC, OHIO STATE, MIAMI,
AND THEN US?
THEN IT DAWNED ON ME.
IT'S NOT SUPPOSED
TO MAKE SENSE.
THESE ARE ALL JUST PIECES
IN A GIANT ILLUSION.
THE NCAA IS A FRONT.
THAT'S IT.
THESE SILLY RULES AND SELECTIVE
INVESTIGATIONS SERVE
TWO PURPOSES.
ONE, IT ALLOWS THEM TO MAINTAIN
A MONOPOLY OVER THE
BILLION DOLLAR INDUSTRY THAT
IS COLLEGE SPORTS TODAY.
AND TWO, IT ALSO ALLOWS
THEM TO MAINTAIN
THEIR NONPROFIT STATUS.
SMITH WAS SO INTENT ON BRINGING
YOU DOWN THAT HE LOST
SIGHT OF THE BIG PICTURE.
SO I LAID IT OUT FOR
HIM AND HIS BOSSES
AS SIMPLY AS I COULD.
WHAT WAS MORE IMPORTANT
TO THE NCAA?
TAKING YOU DOWN, OR THE HUNDREDS
OF MILLIONS OF
DOLLARS THEY'D STAND
TO LOSE BY GIVING
BMS THE DEATH PENALTY?
ONCE YOU GET PAST THE ILLUSION,
YOU'RE LEFT WITH THE
ONLY THING THAT MATTERS
TO THEM.
THEIR TAX FREE MONEY.
AND LIKE SO MANY OTHER BIG
CORPORATIONS, BMS IS JUST
SIMPLY TOO BIG TO FAIL.
-THANKS, ALEX.
THAT WAS ONE HELL
OF A SAVE, SON.
-YEAH.
I MEAN, I JUST HAD TO PLAY
IN THE GAME, COACH.
IT WAS THE CHANCE
OF A LIFETIME.
-HEY, EVERYBODY!
SHUT UP, IT'S STARTING!
-WE, THE NCAA, HAVE DECIDED
NOT TO GIVE BLUE MOUNTAIN
STATE UNIVERSITY THE
DEATH PENALTY.
[CHEERS]
-HOWEVER, GIVEN THE SEVERITY OF
THE CHARGES, WE FEEL SOME
PUNISHMENT MUST BE DELIVERED.
THE FOLLOWING COACHES AND
PLAYERS WILL BE SUSPENDED
INDEFINITELY AND THEREFORE
NOT BE ELIGIBLE FOR THE
CHAMPIONSHIP GAME.
COACH MARTY DANIELS.
ASSISTANT COACH JON
JON HENDRICKS.
ALEX MORAN.
-NO.
-WHAT ARE WE SUPPOSED TO DO
WITHOUT OUR QUARTERBACK?
-THAD CASTLE.
LARRY SUMMERS.
DONALD SCHRAB.
HARMON TEDESCO.
-YOU CALL THIS SAVING FACE?
-CHARLES NICHOLS.
SIDNEY ROLLINS.
GUS JOHNSON.
ALEX CODA.
THANK YOU, LADIES
AND GENTLEMEN.